I arrived in a new city during the rainy season. It rained all day every day for a whole month.
At that time, there were only three publishers there.
The first sister I met was my new pioneer partner.
At first, I felt as if the people in this territory spoke a different language.
When I tried to talk to some people about the Bible, they did not like it,
and some were even afraid of these new ideas.
When government officials noticed that we had shared some tracks with the people,
they began to watch us and followed us for about three months.
I felt overwhelmed by all of this and became very anxious.
I had few return visits or opportunities to speak about Jehovah.
I felt lost. I didn't know what to do or where to go.
I often wondered, Father, why did you send me here?
It was like I had gone from being on a mountain peak to the bottom of a deep valley.
I studied the Bible to see how Jehovah cared for his servants in the past.
For example, I read how Jehovah told Jacob throughout his life,
I will be with you wherever you go.
I pictured Jehovah telling me the same thing.
Don't worry, just go, and I will always be there to help you.
I begged him to help me to be balanced, to feel peace,
and to have courage to go out in the ministry.
One day, Jehovah helped me to find a very good Bible student.
It was an absolutely wonderful and unexpected gift from Jehovah.
Our small group joins congregation meetings through the Internet.
This arrangement is a valuable source of spiritual food for me.
We get together for meals and association as well.
The experiences on JW Broadcasting make me feel that I am not alone,
and I always smile and wake by at the end.
It's wonderful to be here.